This one is an easy one,
should be an easy one, while it's locked,
when we have number 0.
We increment it, we increment it again,
and then we log number again.
Is it 1 1 2, 1 2 2,
0 2 2, 0 1 2, or 1 1 0?
And the right answer here is 022,
because first we have the number
plus plus, so we post increment it.
So it will first return the value and
then increment it, so that's still 0, but
it has incremented in the background,
it just doesn't log that yet.
Then we have plus plus number,
in which case it will increment it and
then return it, so
it goes from 1 to 2 and then we log it.
And then on the fourth line, we just
log it again without doing anything, so
it's 0 to 2.
Just important to remember that using plus
plus after a value will return the current
value before incrementing it and
using it before it will already
return that increment value.
Yeah.
Hello.
Okay, just pretend you didn't see that,
my laptop is just crashing.
All right, well, what gets logged?
So we have a is 3, b is a new number 3,
and then c is 3 again.
And then a == b, b == c, and
a.toString = b.toString.
And our answer here is true,
false, false, true.
So whenever we have a number,
or like the two equal signs is,
not strictly equal, so in that case,
it kind of coerces it to that new number.
What's it called?
Constructor to equalize it,
in which case, it's true.
The second one, there's a difference
between using the new number constructor
and having an actual integer.
So in this case, we have 3 and
that new number 3.
Well, they aren't strictly equal, so
that is false, b shouldn't be equal to c.
I think that one should be false as well.
But what is true is d.
We can use methods on numbers to string
and everything that's usually only
available on a new number constructor
because JavaScript quickly wraps
the number in a new number constructor
when we use methods like that.
But after using it,
it gets rid of that constructor again.
Not that this is super important, but
that's just something to remember.
When you're using numbers, we can use all
the methods of the new number constructor
as well, because JavaScript just
quickly wraps it in the constructor and
then omits it again.
So we're using a set of number, and
we have a couple of values
here that we're analyzing.
And what is the, or what gets logged?
Is it all true?
Is it all false?
Or is it a combination?
All right, the right answer here is false,
true, true, true.
So what's happening here is that we
have the is not a number function, and
that just checks if the argument that we
pass to it is the value not a number.
So first, we have 5.2 plus 2 is 5.22,
so it's not a number, it's false.
But then we do parseInt a, so
parseInt false, but we cannot parseInt,
something that's not an integer.
So then parseInt throws not a number,
we can't do that, so
it's not a number is true.
Same with parseFloat.
That's the same for parseInt, we cannot
do that because it's not a number,
so it's true.
isNaN is not a number,
we have the string 1 times 2 times 2.
Well, we cannot, 1 times 2 is not a
number, and we're trying to multiply that
by 2, so that will also throw not
a number, it's not a number, it's true.
Just important to remember here that
is not a number checks if it's actually
the value not a number and
not just a string or something.
All right, match the equivalent values.
So we have ff, we have 101, we have
SyntaxError and 255, and then some two
string methods that will all return or
some of them will return these values.
Which of them will match
the equivalent values?
All right, the answer here is already A,
B, C, D, it was correct as it was.
So first, we have the two stringing 16.
So the two stringing method can or
accepts a radix argument,
and that just tells us the base with
which one a string of five number.
And we have binary, we have octal,
we have decimal, and then hexadecimal.
And this just changes how that string or
how that number is made into a string.
So with the hexadecimal,
we get the x value.
So in this case, 255 is ff,
it's like on the 16th value.
Then we have binary and 255 and
binary is just a times 1.
255.toString, it throws a syntax
error because we're using a dot.
And then you will see that we
cannot do that, it's unexpected,
because it thinks that this is a decimal.
So it needs to add another dot here,
and then it'll be 255.
And that's essentially what we did here,
right, two dots.
But you can just invoke the two string
method with the bracket notation and
use 10, and 10 is just like the default.
Yeah, that's just the normal base.
So in this case,
255 is just turned into toString.
We didn't have to specify the 10 here,
it could have just been without 10 and
would have returned the same value.
But just remember that you have to
use double dots if we wanna stringify
a number.